hey guys it's Emma so today I'm going to
be doing an unbiased unspun surd Zappa
Hall South Pole likes to partner with a
lot of youtubers and send them products
so that they can do a haul for them me
I'm not some sort of big youtuber who's
getting sponsored yet but I did decide
to order from Apple anyway because the
prices were just too good and I wanted
to see if it was actually worth it the
first and Rutz Apple that I would say
you should definitely keep in mind is
that it does take a long time to come
I know for me my stuff took up to
probably like four or five weeks to come
it did make me a little bit nervous
because after three weeks had gone by I
was like is this a scam like isn't even
going to come at all also the products
thing all come at once they came in like
little bursts and so that was a little
bit frustrating because I kind of like
to have everything at once if you think
about it the prices that you're paying
are so low that like a longer wait time
it's something that I'm not as annoyed
about because I'm not really dropping a
lot of money on the products so let's
get into the hall so I'm only trying on
the stuff that I feel like fits really
really well if it doesn't fit right then
it just can be a little more revealing
or whatever yes so the majority of this
Hall is bikini
bikinis can definitely be really
expensive and overpriced in my opinion
so finding cheap options is always a big
thumbs up for me so first I'm gonna show
you the bikinis I actually did like so I
think its first one actually my favorite
just this blue bikini and it's made it
this really really nice and cool
material that I like really enjoy it
kind of looks like I don't know
something a lot more expensive it feels
nice definitely more than what I paid
for it
also the inside is live so that's
something that's a deal-breaker for you
yes this one is lined and the paths are
actually really nice quality so this
one's definitely a thumbs up this next
one I also enjoy so it's a red striped
bikini the inside is not lined is also
pretty thin which is like not that big
of a deal to me but I do kind of worry
that it will be see-through if I swim in
it so I'll probably to test that out
first before I like wear to the beach or
something looks really good on like it's
a really flattering bathing suit so the
next two
I actually really like just seems like
tide is bottom's
and they're really soft and the
materials pretty good I would say
greased lr2 ensues I have coming in a
few minutes it's like it's like the same
idea but white the only difference is is
that this one is like a little bit
thicker and I would say it's a little
bit better quality the only thing is
that it doesn't have pad and these
little things are in the lip in the I
don't know what you call this I feel
like it doesn't cover as much as it
probably should this top feels like it's
pretty good quality it's a little bit
thin I would recommend this one if you
don't really mind that this is kind of
small so there's just a lot bohemia'
that I was like really crazy about the
rest were a little bit iffy enemy just
looks like this and honestly the quality
isn't the best with this one it doesn't
feel really expensive but I just really
like how it fits I think it's really
flattering the only problem is this
bottom band kind of flares out a little
bit when I wear this one I just kind of
tucked the band under so it's kind of
looks more like this and honestly it
looks fine that way and you don't even
notice the bottoms are really cute they
are really cheeky so if you're not into
that I mean yeah I would say still pick
this one up just because you can just
wear the top and pair it with another
bottom the only thing about these
bottoms is that they have this weird
line right here that looks really weird
and it's on the back so it's not that
big of a deal but it does kind of look a
little bit weird
I think this bikini works I mean you do
have to kind of like do a few things to
it and it's not perfect but I do really
enjoy this one and I think it's
definitely a thumbs-up
this next bikini definitely looks not
like a bikini so first of the bottoms
these are definitely I don't know what
word to use it would be like PG these
are definitely kind of a little bit
skinny in my opinion the bottoms are
like basically a thong honestly they
would be go to somebody's like a little
bit older than me but I'm 16 I feel like
I would look a little bit goofy wearing
this to put on it if the material is
actually really good on this one it
feels like really soft and everything
the only problem is that the material on
the top is really thin so like you can
see the outline of the pad and I just
think that looks really cheap that's
kind of like something that's a big
thumbs down for me
I would say this one's good but a little
bit design of it just it's a little bit
more like revealing than I expected and
you can see the past this is kind of a
thumbs down but if you really like how
this one looks I would say definitely go
for it so the next one I wasn't really
crazy about was this one and I'm
actually really sad about this one
because this one is like my favorite
when I was online it just looks like
this I think the main thing about this
one that's really really bad is actually
the bottom when you put them on it feels
like they're on backwards
no matter like what way you put them on
and like that's kind of annoying in the
front is like really long it's kind of
like almost like a high-waisted bathing
suit it just isn't a very flattering cut
to really like this bikini I would say
the top is a better option it's like the
better part of this bikini it's not bad
at all I think this one's actually fine
but I wouldn't say it's true to size
this definitely doesn't feel like a
small to me it's a little bit bigger and
these straps are so long feels like a
medium or like even a small medium
because it fits me it just doesn't fit
as well might even end up sewing the top
just because I will take like a few
minutes and it is a cute bathing suit
and I really do like the pattern but you
should really have to be sewing your own
bathing suit so this one I would say is
kind of a thumbs down just because the
top is fine but like the bottom suck and
I might have to sew it so that's like a
lot of how'd it work so yeah this next
one is a one-piece and this one I really
mixed emotions about because I feel like
when it's on it looks okay so I'm
thinking like on my Instagram I might
post a picture in it or something like
that but besides that it's not great the
material that feels really cheap the
pads are just weird and kind of awkward
like I had to reconfigure the straps to
make it actually fit me properly it's
definitely a little bit big and like the
butt part is kind of Bungie it's also
really opened in the back so like you
have just kind of a lot of like open on
the side and on your back which is like
fine but it just feels it doesn't feel
very secure oh I don't know I'm not
crazy about this one I would say in my
look I've been Instagram picture but is
it really worth the
that I paid for it now it's a little bit
twisty are you freaking kidding me this
one's kind of cool it just has a bunch
of these like little mini straps that
like lead around the neck this one's
fine but um I mean it's okay these
aren't really thin and super small like
this barely covers anything literally
less than the size I think the size of
the palm of my hand which is pretty
small the bottoms are actually really
kind of interesting and cool they're
super strappy and like fun they are
really like revealing so this is overall
really revealing bathing suits so it's
really flimsy and it's white so like if
you're swimming in it I feel like it
might become see-through it's a cool
idea so if you do like how this almost I
would say maybe buy one from like a
different website or something that
looks kind of like it but is a nicer
quality suit
next I have accessories Vasil I think is
one of the best sites for like really
cheap accessories two pairs of
sunglasses from there and both of them
are really great quality so ones that I
ordered this time around were actually
these and these are freaking hilarious
but you know they look really cool like
if you're just wearing a cool top and
you have it around your neck like that
yeah oh my god I'm like crying I don't
know if these guys okay huh I don't know
if they don't about oh my god actually
like me so I don't know if these are
some unflattering shade but I think
they're kind of cool to stab around it's
a cool accessory and they were so cheap
I was like who even freaking cares the
next few things I got were chokers this
first choker is just a shell and
honestly I think this is freaking
awesome
it's kind of weird and bulky but this
reminds me something that you'll get on
vacation if you were in like Mexico or
like Hawaii or something like that
are you freaking kidding me oh forget it
my youtube notifications anyway these
are probably real shelves and it's not
they look real I would say this one is
actually really cool and I would
definitely pick this up it was super
cheap so I mean what do you Duluth
this is definitely cool and I definitely
recommend it my next choker was
something I was kind of hoping it would
be a little bit different it's just this
like tribal print choker and it's like
cool but like it's a little bit thicker
than I expected I printed it to be like
half of the width of it so that's a
little bit something I'm not too
thrilled about you like how it looks out
they definitely make this one a class I
got a shirt it's just this knit kind of
like tank top the only things weird
about it you can't really tell what the
front the back but it doesn't really
matter because in from the back look
exactly the same and honestly this feels
expensive like I'm not even exaggerating
this feels really good quality the only
problem was when it first came it smells
kind of weird all the lot like chemical
I just left it outside for a little bit
and wash it and it's all totally by now
so normal definitely things for the
thumbs up ending it up
overall I'd say this Apple is kind of a
mixed bag I'd say it's kind of like when
you do order offline look at some other
sample halls and reviews and stuff like
that and see kind of like how it is in
general there's so many Apple hauls out
there that you can at least see how it
looks or what the person's thinks of it
don't expect like a 100 dollar bathing
suit because obviously you're paying for
literally less than $20 bathing suit
anyway thank you so much for watching I
hope you enjoyed if you did give this
video a big thumbs up and subscribe
because I have a lot of videos plans and
I'm really excited about also leave a
comment down below on anything you want
any video requests or advice would be
greatly appreciated if you have any and
I'll see you next time
[Music]